Hey [chapter] !

We may have contacted you about this before, but it's time to blow up main campus with NymbLAN hype! Again!

We would like your help to make this event the best possible for everyone included, and with a little effort, we can make this a new part of the KTH culture going forward! Each chapter that helps us announce our collaborative event will get their own discount code you can use to get tickets for cheaper for your entire chapter!

Your promo code is: [promo code]
If it doesn't work yet we do have this one as a backup: NYMLAN25

Please send this out to all your public channels (Discord, Instagram story, website, etc):

Discord/Website:
[chapter] has been invited to Nymblan!

From march 27th to 29th NymbLAN will take place in, you guessed it; Nymble! Come play games online or on a table, compete in tournaments, watch movies together and hang out with friends and likeminded individuals from all over KTH. If you feel drained from this last tenta period, come relax and rejuvenate yourself with a weekend of fun and free energy drinks!

Chapter members will be able to add our own promo code for cheaper tickets! The LAN starts at 18:00on the friday (27th), and ends the 29th of March at 15:00. That means you'll get 45 hours of nonstop gaming!

The promo code is [promo code]

Go get your tickets from www.nymblan.se! 

Instagram:
[chapter] has been invited to Nymblan!

Be part of the biggest LAN in stockholm!
Get your tickets and more information at nymblan.se!


Feel free to edit these announcements however you wish to make them feel more enticing. Use the attached picture in your announcement. Also, this is just text at the moment, but do include these links as well!

links:

https://nymblan.se/ (main website for tickets and info)
https://discord.com/invite/KRc3wVwA5A (discord link)

We would love if you could send this out either today or tomorrow (17th) at your earliest convenience, it's more important that the information gets out than you fitting to our schedule, but we would prefer it.

thank you and see you at NymbLAN!

Emanuel Diktonius
PR & layout responsible


Only 11 days left until NymbLAN!

Time to get your tickets and be part of the future of KTH culture! During the LAN week, before the main event, we will raid- I mean visit the different collaborating committees involved in this awesome event!

Monday: LvL and Spruppen
Spruppen and LvL will be having their Weekly fun in Rudan at KTH Flemmingsberg at 17:17 (suspiciously specific)! Raiders should take the train from TC to Södertälje Centrum and walk from there to the Campus!

Address: Hälsovägen 11C

Tuesday: QN & DESC
META will be a cozy spot for all raiders, right in main campus and starts at 17. Come one come all!

Address: Osquars Backe 21

Wednesday: SK and ITK
SK and ITK are holding hands and welcoming all raiders to Kistan at KTH Kista at 17:00! Take the blue line down to Kista and walk through the Galleria, over the bridge and you're there! Let someone know you're there and we'll let you in!

Address: Kistagången 16

but don't go yet! We have more cool stuff to announce! You will now able to sign up for our tournaments that will happen during the LAN! So buy your ticket, and then look over the tournaments we will have available. Such tournaments include, but are not limited to; GeoGuessr, Overwatch, CS2, Chess, MtG, Minecraft and more!